Over the last lectures, you learned a lot about the basics of service workers,
what they basically are, how you activate and then install them,
now let's go back to that web app manifest and the web installed banners Chrome for example automatically
shows us after some criteria is met.
So we learned about this in the last course module, we added the manifest.json file and that allows
us to add the application to the home screen with our own icon and so on,
now since we added service workers, we also fulfill the other criteria here.
We have a web app manifest files with these properties
and now we also have a service worker, we're serving it over https or localhost, that's also
OK as explained.
Now the only thing we have to do is this, visit the page at least twice with at least five minutes between
visits.
This is how it would work if we were to deploy the application, if a user would come back after at least
five minutes,
Chrome would show him this
do you want to add this app to the home screen banner and that's of course nice.
Now we can also test this and simulate this.
In theory, it should also work here in the browser developer tools,
however it never did for me,
you should also be able to test it with an emulated device,
so your application running on an Android emulator for example.
This also didn't work for me but I'll still show you how you connect your Chrome developer tools here
with a remote device, be that a real Android device or an emulated one.
It has to be an Android device though, you can't test it on
iOS like this, later in the course though, I'll also show you how we can easily deploy the app on a host
for free which then allows us to access it from any device since it's just living in the Internet then.
So for now, let me show you how you can debug this on Android devices and Chrome on Android devices easily.
If you are using an emulator,
follow the steps outlined in the article
after this lecture where I do explain how to update the Chrome version on that emulator and how to configure
it to be able to access the Chrome developer tools here.
If you're using a real device, I'll
also show you how this works
in this article on how to prepare it,
you basically have to enable USB debugging in the developer mode, that's super simple and if you already
have the developer mode enabled, we'll do this together, we'll connect the Chrome default developer tools to
our real device in the lecture
after this article I just mentioned.